> import pandas as pd

# Topics #
- Series
- DataFrames
- Missing Data handling
- GroupBy
- Merging, Joining, and Concatenating
- Operations
- Data input and output


# Details #
**Series:**
> np.Series(data, index)

Based on Numpy array but with labels/index. Element of a series can be accessed by a label.
Default index is 0 indexed integer, but we can pass custom index as well. We can directly pass a dictionary to create a series. In that case key of the dictionary will become index.

**DataFrames:**
> np.DataFrame(data, index, column)

DataFrame is a collection of Series. Here we provide a 1D/2D array as data, a list of index and a list of column names.
Looks more like excel sheet. Index works as row, and Column works as column. Every column data is a pandas Series.
We can access columns with []. In order to access multiple columns we have to pass column names as list: df[['list', 'of', 'column', 'names']]

df['new_column'] = pd.Series(data, labels)
df.drop(column_name, axis=1)
df.drop(index_name, axis=0)

<!-- Selection -->
df[ 'column_name' ]
df.loc[ 'index_name' ]
df.iloc[0 based index]
df.loc['index' , 'column']
df.loc[[ 'indexes' ] , [ 'columns' ]]

<!-- Conditional Selection -->
df[df>0]                <!-- returns the full df, but where the condition doesn't meet NaN is returned -->
df[ df['column']>0 ]    <!-- returns a dataframe containing only those rows where the condition meets -->
df[ df['column']>0 ] ['column']     <!-- returns a series (column) from the filtered dataframe -->
df[ df['column1']>0 & df['column2']>5 ]     <!-- multi condition selection -->

df.reset_index(inplace=True)
df.set_index('column_name')

**Missing Data handling**
**GroupBy**
**Merging, Joining, and Concatenating**
**Operations**
**Data input and output**
